Add support for multiple macOS shell bundle IDs (#18096)
desktop/desktop: docs/technical/shell-integration.md

### Step 1: Find the shell application

> The `getBundleID()s` function is used to map a shell enum to it's bundle ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getBundleIDs()` function is used to map a shell enum to its bundle IDs
```

Author: ~~I don't think bundleID should be plural on the end of this line. There is only ever 1 bundle ID in the manifest. The sentence below clarifies why the return value is an array.~~ Did a slightly larger change and I think it makes sense now.

> that is defined in it's manifest. You should add a new entry here for your

Reviewer: This is not your typo but it'd be nice to fix it now that you have the chance 😅 
```suggestion
that is defined in its manifest. You should add a new entry here for your
```

Author: Fixed

shell. An array is returned to handle the case where a shell updates its bundle ID.

```ts
case Shell.Hyper:
  return ['co.zeit.hyper']
```

After that, follow the existing patterns in `getAvailableShells()` and add a
new entry to lookup the install path for your shell.

```ts
export async function getAvailableShells(): Promise<
  ReadonlyArray<FoundShell<Shell>>
> {
  const [

>     terminalPath,

Reviewer: All this code should be updated with the new naming (`getShellInfo`)

Author: Fixed
